Use a clean surface, try to keep it dust free and dry.
I use gloves at all times since I wash them after any contact
with chemicals or objects to prevent cross contamination

 1) copper board cleaning
   - you can check surface quality with water- rinse it and see
     if it "sheets"- that is it has an even layer of water that does 
     not bead. beading in an area indicates oil/dirty.
   - use alcohol normally with a clean paper towel only. TSP
     (tri-sodium phosphate) can be use to clean oily surfaces.
   - Don't sand/grind/steel wool the surface as this makes 
     it hard to remove the resist, resulting in nasty patterns 
     when etched

 2) in the dark with a YELLOW bug light

 3) film to copper sheet laminating
   The film naturally curls when off the roll. The curl side
   goes against the copper. This side has protective film that has
   to be removed. It is softer than the outer curl protective film.
   A piece of tape on each side of the film on the corners is 
   usefull to begin the process of lifting the film off

 4) wet copper thoroughly: sheeting and beads of water on surface
   - drape/lay film down on copper and flatten + straigten
   - wet protected side of film for lubrication
   - squeege air bubbles out- don't take too long since the
     film is slowly attaching itself to the copper
   - run through laminator once or twice 
     (heat doesn't seem to matter, but edges may pull up easier)
   - if there are a few large air bubbles, the transparency can often be
     placed so that the air bubble is not in a critical spot
     often air bubbles will laminate onto the copper with the air
     displace from the copper side to the protective sheet side.
     this is hard to tell for sure. Lamination appears to have
     some lattitude for air bubble errors, but a board with many (10+) 
     obvious air bubbles should be stripped and re-covered. 
     All boards have some smaller surface marks that maybe bubbles
   - heat backside of board for about 1-2 minutes with heat gun
     keeping air moving evenly across board. heat backside to avoid
     damaging film with heat on the front. no hotter than 200f
   - let cool several minutes

 5) Transparency
   - double up artwork for higher opacity/contrast/black density
   - the 2nd transparency may slip by 1 or 2 pixel
     from top to bottom of the print, if so cut apart in sections
     removing enough material between sections to allow space for
     the thin scotch tape to hold them down. The goal is to make the 
     double layers completely flat so that when held down by glass
     the tape is not creating an air gap for light to get under
     or reflect/bounce along the edges.
   - make sure it is clean 

 6) put laminated copper board on perfectly flat board, film up

 7) put transparenies on laminated copper board

 8) use heavy 1/4" piece of glass to hold down transparencies on 
   the laminated copper. Use weights on edges to keep air tight
   seal. The glass at the space is not optical quality and I think
   is iron type which filters IR. Other glass will change exposure
   times.

 9) put 500 watt light about 2' above transparency or use 1st
   mark on the antenna pole- use a 17 minute exposure
   - higher marks on antenna pole worked at 25 minutes and 30-ish 
     minute and had better edges at the expense of longer exposure times

10) check while exposing that you don't see a shadow under the tranparency

11) when done remove artwork. pattern should be visable with good
    contrast with grey purple color.

12) use tape on the edge to pull up 2nd top protective film. Exposed purple
    edges are easiest to pull up without damaging the resist layer

13) develop for about 2 minutes with a HARD spray 2-3 in diameter at contact.
    Pump the sprayer 50-70 times using 1/2 gallon mix of water mixed with 
    small shot glass plastic measuring cup filled to the first 1/4" line 
    with soda ash. Put whole 1/2 gallon into sprayer, preferably still warm
    at approximately 90F

    - keep spray moving at all times. DON'T concentrate on an area since 
      you can't really see detail that well in the dark. If in doubt RINSE it
      off (to stop developing) and look at it close to the yellow light.

    - when done: rinse both sides with warm water checking for slippery spots 
      that didn't get developed, if found go back a develop some more. if you
      have film lifting away from the copper, then you have developed to long or 
      had and air bubble under that part of the film

now ok in full light
--------------------

14) pat dry and put back under the light for 3-5 minutes to finish
    exposing, drying and hardening of the film

15) trim edges off board to save on etch time + acid

16) etch for 10-15 min. in 120F-ish ferric chloride. check board immediately
    to confirm all areas are etching some- not still shiny.  If so then you 
    didn't develop all the way and may be able to save it by spraying some 
    more with developer

 -Paul
